hello everyone this is super chick two
and three on here to tell you my top 10
favorite Studio Ghibli movies I love
Studio Ghibli my favorite you know type
movie studios and that's what got me
into anime was Studio Ghibli so I'm
gonna tell you my top 10 well I hope you
enjoy and I'm not gonna be talking
throughout the whole video so you don't
have to worry about that it's just gonna
be like numbers and pictures and stuff
like that and I'll show some scenes from
different parts of movies um I don't
have all the movies that I'm going to
show like clips from all of them so I
hope you enjoy the one I have
okay well um hope you enjoy bye